[Routing] add priority option to annotated routes (#13113)
symfony/symfony-docs: routing.rst

    To give a ``null`` default value to any parameter, add nothing after the
    ``?`` character (e.g. ``/blog/{page?}``).

Priority Parameter

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

.. versionadded:: 5.1

    The ``priority`` parameter was introduced in Symfony 5.1

> Imagine that your application has a catch-all route in some cases this may be

Reviewer: "When defining a greedy pattern that matches many routes, this may be..."?

> at the beginning of your routing collection and may have some undesirable effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the beginning of your routing collection and and prevents any route defined after to be matched.
```

A ``priority`` optional parameter is available in order to let you choose the order of your routes,

> and this one is only available when using annotations to define routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and it is only available when using annotations to define routes.
```

.. code-block:: php-annotations

    // src/Controller/BlogController.php

>         namespace App\Controller;

Reviewer: The code should be indented on the same level as this comment.

        use Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\AbstractController;
        use Symfony\Component\Routing\Annotation\Route;

        class BlogController extends AbstractController
        {
            // ...

            /**

>              * @Route("/blog/{slug}", name="blog_show", priority=1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             * @Route("/{greedyParam}", name="greedy_route", priority=-2048)
```
Would allow to define it at last after any other routes.

Reviewer: I would also keep this blog example below with a comment saying that it can be matched thanks to a default higher priority

    To give a ``null`` default value to any parameter, add nothing after the
    ``?`` character (e.g. ``/blog/{page?}``).

Priority Parameter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 5.1

    The ``priority`` parameter was introduced in Symfony 5.1

> When defining a greedy pattern that matches many routes, this may be

Reviewer: All lines should end before reaching an 80th character, excepted in some code block.

at the beginning of your routing collection and prevents any route defined after to be matched.
A ``priority`` optional parameter is available in order to let you choose the order of your routes,
and it is only available when using annotations.

.. code-block:: php-annotations

    // src/Controller/BlogController.php
    namespace App\Controller;

    use Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\AbstractController;
    use Symfony\Component\Routing\Annotation\Route;

    class BlogController extends AbstractController
    {
        /**

>         * @Route("/blog/{slug}", name="blog_show")

Reviewer: Be careful about the alignement of annotations, here and below

        */
        public function show(string $slug)
        {
            // ...
        }

>         // This route could not be matched without defining a higher priority than 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        /**
         * This route could not be matched without defining a higher priority than 0
         *
         * @Route(...
```

    To give a ``null`` default value to any parameter, add nothing after the
    ``?`` character (e.g. ``/blog/{page?}``).

Priority Parameter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 5.1

    The ``priority`` parameter was introduced in Symfony 5.1

When defining a greedy pattern that matches many routes, this may be
at the beginning of your routing collection and prevents any route defined after to be matched.
A ``priority`` optional parameter is available in order to let you choose the order of your routes,

> and it is only available when using annotations to define routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and it is only available when using annotations.
```

.. code-block:: php-annotations

    // src/Controller/BlogController.php
    namespace App\Controller;

    use Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\AbstractController;
    use Symfony\Component\Routing\Annotation\Route;

    class BlogController extends AbstractController
    {

>         // ...

Reviewer: Can be removed

>         /**

Reviewer: I would add a comment in the doc block before the route definition, stating some thing like:
```
/*
 * Using an extremely low priority to ensure that the matcher will test it as very last
 *
 * @Route(...)
```

>         * @Route("/{greedyParam}", name="greedy_route", priority=-2048)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * @Route("/{greedyParam}", name="blog_greed", priority=-2048)
```
for consistency?

        */
        public function greed(string $greedyParam)
        {
            // ...
        }

        /**

>         * @Route("/blog/{slug}", name="blog_show", priority=1)

Reviewer: We should remove priority here, we explain the default below

        */
        public function show(string $slug)
        {
            // ...
        }

>         // This route will be matched thanks to a higher priority which will place it ahead in the route collection

Reviewer: Same as above, we could move the comment in the doc block and something like:
`Using the default 0 priority is higher than before, so the route will be tested in the same order as it is defined in the collection`

Author: On this point i would prefer `so the route will be matched firstly`, in order to insist on matching order, considering routes are tested in the collection's order in any case, do you agree ?

Reviewer: I understand your point. In fact this `greedy` route is not really consistent with the `BlogController` class, ans the `-2048` priority not very readable. Let's use the "blog_show" route as greedy instead with a default priority. And add below a "blog_edit" route like "/blog/edit/{slug}" with a comment saying that it could not be matched unless defined a higher priority (anything above the 0 default). What do you think?

    }

> The priority parameter expect an integer value to define routes order in the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The priority parameter expects an integer value. Routes with higher priority are sorted before
routes with lower priority, and the default is ``0``.
```
?

    use Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\AbstractController;
    use Symfony\Component\Routing\Annotation\Route;

> 

Reviewer: Sorry if my comment was confusing I meant:
```diff
+class BlogController extends AbstractController
+{
-//...
```

    /**

>     * @Route("/blog", name="blog_show")

Reviewer: We're missing the slug to make it greedy
